Create README.md (#4)
Programming-TRIGON/RobotCodeOffSeason2024: README.md

# RobotCodeOffSeason2024

TRIGON 5990's robot code for the 2024 off-season robot, "PLACEHOLDER".

# External Programs

All the "Advantage Scope" related files (CAD glTF files, layouts, etc.) can be
found [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)   
Credit to team 6328 Mechanical Advantage, for "Advantage Kit" and "Advantage Scope".
We use these a lot and highly recommend them!

> # TrigonLIB

Reviewer: TRIGONLib

> [![](https://jitpack.io/v/Programming-TRIGON/TRIGONLib.svg)](https://jitpack.io/#Programming-TRIGON/TRIGONLib)

Reviewer: Place the Jitpack link in the the title

Author: Where exactly do you want me to put it?

Reviewer: Next to the `# TRIGONLib `

> 
> TRIGON 5990's library for hardware wrappers, utilities, commands, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[TRIGON 5990's library](https://github.com/Programming-TRIGON/TRIGONLib) for automatic Advantage Kit and Simulation hardware wrappers, utilities, commands, and more.    
This library is used from the `org.trigon` import.
```
